Add RHELDocs attribute and minor fixes (#2966)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_adding-a-bonded-interface.adoc

* *Bond options*: Specify a space-separated list of configuration options, for example *miimon=100*.
ifdef::satellite[]

> For more information on configuration options for bonded interfaces, see {RHELDocsBaseURL}8/html-single/configuring_and_managing_networking/index#configuring-network-bonding_configuring-and-managing-networking[Configuring network bonding] in the _{RHEL} Configuring and Managing Networking_ guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on configuration options for bonded interfaces, see {RHELDocsBaseURL}8/html-single/configuring_and_managing_networking/index#configuring-network-bonding_configuring-and-managing-networking[Configuring network bonding] in _{RHEL}{nbsp}8 Configuring and Managing Networking_.
```

Author: If there is only one version of the EL link mentioned, I opted out of having `version`, as I observed the procedure remains the same regardless of the EL version.
